# Project-418
4.9MWp solar project by Avatar Solar Energy Pvt. Ltd in Gujarat


Scale of the project activity Small scale

Project participants Avatar Solar Energy Pvt. Ltd

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and standardized baselines AMS.I.D Grid connected renewable
electricity generation version 18
Grid connected renewable electricity
generation version 18

Sectoral scopes SELECT SCOPE
01 Energy industries
(Renewable/NonRenewable Sources) 
_______________________
The project “4.9 MW DC Solar Power Project in Gujarat” is located in Village Charanka Tehsil
Santalpur, District Patan, State Gujarat, and Country India.

The main purpose of the project activity is the implementation and operation of 4.9 MW DC solar
power plant to generate electricity. M/s Avatar Solar Energy Pvt. Ltd is the promoter of this Solar
power plant. The generated electricity from solar power plant is connected to state electric utility
namely GUJARAT URJA VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED (GUVNL) and transmitted through state
electric grid.

The project implementation schedule is placed below:
____________
Capacity / Project owner/ Location/ Latitude (N) /Longitude (E) /Date of commissioning
_____________
4.9 MW (DC) /Avatar Solar Energy Pvt. Ltd./Village Charanka, Santalpur, District Patan State Gujarat/23.9165 N 71.1895 E/ 31/March/2013
__________________
The project replaces anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs) estimated to be
approximately 7,139 tCO2e per annum there on displacing 7,932 MWh/ year amount of electricity
from the generation mix of power plants connected to the Indian electricity grid, which is mainly
dominated by the thermal / fossil fuel-based power plant.

Monthly reading is taken from the meter at substation by state utility and representative of PP. This
reading gives the net electricity exported to the grid connected to the substation (132KV substation
Campus, Gotri, Vadodara 390021).

The project activity is the installation of a new grid connected renewable power plant/unit. The
scenario existing prior to the implementation of the project activity is electricity delivered to the grid
by the project activity would have otherwise been generated by the operation of grid connected power
plants and by the addition of new generation sources. Baseline scenario and scenario existing prior to
the implementation of the project activity are both same.
